opamTypes: rename 'result' type to 'solver_result' to avoid conflict name with Stdlib (#6885)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

  * `OpamFile.URL.of_legacy`: was added [#6827 @kit-ty-kate]
  * `OpamSysPkg`: add `availability_mode` type to indicate the availability of system packages on a given system [#6489 @arozovyk]
  * `OpamSysPkg`: add `equal_availability_mode` function [#6489 @arozovyk]

>   * `OpamTypes`: change `result` tyê name to `solver_result` to avoid conflicts with Stdlib [#XXX @rjbou]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `OpamTypes`: change `result` type name to `solver_result` to avoid conflicts with Stdlib [#6885 @rjbou]
```
